there's a lot of people around here that
have really a lot of strange ideas and I
think many of them are pretty bizarre
Micheline Brinson keeps the harp
computers from freezing up in between
visits from the military scientists do
you know I mean do you understand what
their what they're doing here well let's
come in you mean when the senses come in
and shoot the beams up yeah they're
shooting the beams up and I think that
heats a little small space in the
ionosphere and then you've got guys that
are sitting on computers you got people
putting up weather polls that measure
weather and everything like that I mean
there's so that's spooky going on here
there have been claims made by some
scientists that that you could heat up
the ionosphere in effect local weather
if you were to do eastland patents I
have no doubt that's the case claims are
being made that it could disrupt global
communication living yes that it could
shut down another country's
communication system and enhance your
own not heart not HAARP in as it is but
you couldn't disable any systems those
that use if if the systems used a path
which was accessible to the heart beam
yes starting to sound like Eastlands
invention to you well remember John
Hector says HAARP has nowhere near the
power levels eastland talked about
it seems like this entire thing has been
a matter of disinformation Eric Nash
land understands the military he spent
15 years in the service as a radio
engineer he knows deception it came to
our attention that there was a document
of a technical technical memorandum I I
think it was a 195 or something like
that and reading right in the front of
it
they said that bottom line although this
is here it does not constitute
publication it doesn't exist it
basically doesn't exist so it was kind
of like wow here's here's the document
that doesn't exist we're talking several
hundred pages of document that you know
doesn't exist on a project that is
completely unclassified and open to the
public we got it through friendly folks
in the right spots but it really lays
out these are notes from a conference
that really break down where they were
gonna use this technology and how this
technology was going to be applied
remember the one hundred billion watts
debate well for Nick Begich this
document was paid 'red in the document
that we uncovered the actual desired
level of these researchers is 100
billion watts and they're we're talking
something closer to the order of what
Bernard Eastlund envisioned you must be
familiar with technical memorandum 195
which talks about a desired level of 100
billion watts which memorandum technical
memorandum 195 I'm not familiar with
that number well it's about 600 pages
and it's it's yeah I mean you may not
acknowledge it because it's not it
hasn't been published but it exists I've
seen it I don't know what technical
memorandum 195 is because I haven't seen
it this is a published document it's not
released and it's the word games that
John Hatcher plays and the word games
the United States military plays and
it's the word games they continue to
play and those are the things that need
to have that incoming missiles disrupt
global communications and engineer the
weather and ready there's one more some
people believe the technology being
tested here
could be used for sinister projects
involving humans radio waves messing
around with people's brainwaves and
guess what the military denies this one
too
the human mind is subject to being
affected by radio frequency energy and
that's what this device is in other
words you can move the moods of large
populations using this kind of
technology so now we have not just
maniacs in the Pentagon but a bunch of
dr. Strangelove's pretty weird stuff but
scientists have been experimenting with
radio frequencies on animals brains for
decades and the military has followed it
all very closely especially once it
found out the Russians were on to it it
was all kept a deep dark secret by the
two superpowers back in the 60s the
Soviets began zapping the American
Embassy in Moscow with a low frequency
beam no one knows for sure what they
were up to but one theory is that they
were trying to mess with people's
central nervous systems and one report
did say the diplomats got depressed a
lot and hey just think of all the nifty
applications against the enemy why blow
people up when you can drive them crazy
from documents dating back into the
early 80s we see that the military had
discussed the possibilities of
mind-control through radio frequency
energy the possibility is there the
military house studied at a 1982 Air
Force report called radiofrequency
energy a major new research initiative
and said that RF can quote disrupt
normal purposeful behavior a 1987
military report called for more research
on RF energy as a non-lethal weapon
while pointing out that most of the
existing technology is classified and
sure enough in 1993 there was a big
conference at John Hopkins University
here the entire conference was
classified but the agenda wasn't and
weapons using extremely low radio
frequencies or Els were listed as a very
attractive option is it just a
coincidence that there's been all of
this talk and that HAARP will be
experimenting with with this is that all
just coincidence I believe the the
ability of e.l.f to affect the mind
is a side issue for us it may be real I
can't say it's been exceedingly
difficult to find information on what is
supposed to be a major new initiative of
the military all we see is HAARP well
then I'm being kept in the dark if
that's the case the question is no kid
they would they and we believe they can
and we believe they will somewhere at
some point all of this technology merges
at some level within the Pentagon and it
happens to be in Alaska and it happens
to be now it isn't just conspiracy
theorists who are concerned about HAARP
in January of 1999 the European Union
called the project of global concern and
passed a resolution calling for more
information on its health and
environmental risks despite those
concerns
officials at HAARP insist the project is
nothing more sinister than a radio
science research facility